README.md, before:

![Olauncher](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/278638069/db0acb80-661b-11eb-803e-926cae5dccb4)


# Olauncher | Minimal AF Launcher
AF stands for Ad-Free :D


## Install

#### Install from [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/packages/app.olauncher) or [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.olauncher) or download the APK from the [latest release](https://github.com/tanujnotes/Olauncher/releases/).

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
    alt="Get it on F-Droid"
    height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/app.olauncher)
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png"
    alt="Get it on Play Store"
    height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.olauncher)

To maintain the simplicity of the launcher, a few niche features are available but hidden.

Please check out the [About](https://tanujnotes.substack.com/p/olauncher-minimal-af-launcher?utm_source=github) page in the Olauncher settings for a complete list of features and FAQs.

##

License: [GNU GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

@tanujnotes | [X/Twitter](https://twitter.com/tanujnotes) | [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/tanujnotes.bsky.social)

**[See my other apps](https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=7198807840081074933)**

##

*New: We're working on an open source notes app called Note Safe (previously Note to Self). What's cool about it - it has a chat like interface and end-to-end encryption. [Take a look!](https://github.com/jeerovan/ntsapp)*

Commit message:

feat: implement TLauncher application with usage tracking, time limits, and productivity features.

README.md, after:

# T Launcher

> *Premium. Private. Productivity.*

**T Launcher** is a minimalist, digital wellbeing launcher designed to help you reclaim your focus. Built with a "Privacy First" and "Hard Mode Compatibility" philosophy, it replaces your cluttered home screen with a clean, text-based interface and powerful enforcement tools.

## Key Features

*   **System Surveillance**: Real-time audit log of your digital activity (App blocks, Focus sessions, etc.) in a terminal-style UI.
*   **Hard Mode Enforcement**: Strict 5-minute usage limits on distracting apps (Social, Games, News), with zero loopholes for non-essential apps.
*   **Productivity Tools**: Built-in Focus Timer, Breathing Exercises, and Daily Accountability Journal.
*   **Privacy Focused**: No internet permission required. All data stays on your device.
*   **Premium Aesthetics**: Dynamic procedural wallpapers, dark mode optimizations, and a sleek, distraction-free design.

## Installation

1.  Download the latest APK from the [Releases](./app/release) section.
2.  Install on your Android device.
3.  Set as your **Default Launcher**.

## Credits

Based on the open-source **Olauncher** project.
Re-imagined and hardened by **Tino Britty**.

[tinobritty.me](https://tinobritty.me)
